The following is the complete series of actions that I take to get from my 
starting point, outside the northwest exit of the Balboa Park BART Station at
the intersection of Ocean Ave and the Onramp to the Freeway 280-N, to my 
ending location in my seat in Room 453 of Batmale Hall at City College of San
Francisco. Until noted all actions are taken mounted on a bicycle.


1. Facing north at the intersection, wait until a moment when the intersection
is clear of traffic enough so that I may pedal to the northern side of Ocean
Ave. in a safe manner.

2. If I am on the north side of the street I can proceed to pedal up the hill
west along Ocean Ave for approximately 600 feet.

3. When I arrive at the first intersection of Ocean Ave with Howth St, and 
an Unnamed road turning north, I turn north. 

4. Continue north, then east, north around the CCSF Health and Wellness
Center.

5. At the next T intersection, turn east again down the hill through the 
S-Lot student parking lot.

6. Continue north, along the West Road west of the Bungalows.

7. When I have passed the Football Stadium and Track, I turn East again,
following the footpath that straddles the Football Stadium and practice soccer
field.

8. I continue along the path until I reach the stairs near the base of
Batemale Hall, and then turn north to continue towards the main entrance
of the First Floor of Batmale Hall.

9. When I arrive at the front entrance I stop and dismount my bicycle.

10. I walk my bike to the bike racks 10 feet north of the main entrance.

11. I place my bike on the rack and secure it through the frame 
using my bicycle lock.

12. Once my bicycle is secured I walk back to the main entrance.

13. I open the door and proceed into the building.

14. I continue down the hall until I reach the elevator lobby.

15. I call the elevator by pressing the elevator call button.

16. When the elevator arrives I step inside and press the button labeled 4.

17. When the elevator opens on the 4th floor I step out onto the 4th floor
elevator lobby.

18. I turn right and then right again to follow a short hallway headed east.

19. At the end of the hallway I take the left door labeled 453 and step into
the classroom.

20. I turn right between the first column of desks and the class computers.

21. When I reach the front I turn left and sit at either the first or second
desk on the front row.


I enumerated all the actions I take to get from just outside the edge of 
campus into 21 steps, in the process calling upon approximately 12 different
actions.
