Write prioritized requirements for a new social network.


TableFriends - A Social Network for board game fans to play board games 
online, as well as plan and find meet-ups to play board games with others 
in person.

REQUIREMENTS

Mandatory
1. Users shall be able to register an account, which they'll use to log-in.
2. User credintials shall meet following guidelines:
  a. Valid e-mail address that is confirmed with a verification link.
  b. Password is 8 characters, with at least one number, one lowercase
     letter, and one uppercase letter.
  c. Users must confirm they are 18 years old, by clicking a button.
3. If a user it not logged in they shall be prompted to sign in.
4. If a user is properly authenticated and logs-in successfully they
   will be presented with a chronological timeline of recent games, posts
   and acheivements won by other
5. Users shall each have a profile that they can edit which will include:
  a. Case-insensitive unique user-id
  b. Optional Name
  c. Optional Age
  d. Optional Location
  e. Profile Picture
  f. Favorite Board Game
6. User shall be able to find other users by searching for user-ids.
7. Users can request to be friends, which when confirmed, adds both users
   to each others' friends list.
8. Users shall be able to host a web-player session of any of the boardgames
   available on the site.
9. Users shall be able to invite from friends from their friends list, or 
   optionally be paired with strangers.
10.Users shall be able to see games their friend's are hosting, or optionally
   can view public games hosted by strangers, or join a random public 
   session of a certain game.
11.The system shall launch with support for a number of "classic" games
   such as chess and checkers, as well as a few card games such as speed, 
   war, bullshit, and poker.
12.The Games shall be hosted on the web browser and shall meet the following
   requirements:
  a. The games must load within 10 seconds on 98% of users' systems and 
     web connection
  b. The memory load shall stay below 250 Megabytes


Should(High Priority)
1. Users should be able to host social events that they can invite their
   friends to.
2. Upon receiving an invitation users should be able to respond with a yes,
   no, or maybe.
3. Social Events should have a title, date and time, and optional location.
4. Social Events should have a discussion boards for invited user's to 
   discuss the event.
5. Social Events can be for in person meet-ups to play, or an online
   hosted session.
6. The system should be continuously optimized to bring memory-load down
   as well as improve load-times.

Could(Medium Priority)
1. Users could unlock acheivements from playing games which can optionally
   be displayed on a user's profile.
2. The System could be periodically updated to add new games.
3. There could be hosted tournaments that are scheduled, with many users
   playing together at a specified date and time.
4. There could be streaming support for people who would rather watch others
   play.
5. Streams could have chat room support.
6. Premium board games from contemporary companies could be added.
7. Users could buy the board games to play them or pay for a subscription
   service that includes many "Premium" games.

Would(Low Priority)
1. The service could one day host live tournaments that could be broadcast
   on the website.
2. There could be an optional 'premium currency' that users could use to
   purchase premium games or cosmetics for their profiles.
3. There could be a learning section with tutorials and guides to different
   games on the site.


