After months, or maybe years, of working on a
software product, it is extremely important to know
that your product functions correctly. The Quality
Assurance team is responsible for testing the 
software and finding any problems in the software
so that they may be fixed before the product is 
released, or as soon as possible otherwise.

The QA team needs to make sure the software meets
any requirements that were used for development. QA
also tests the robustness of its system, making 
sure that it will respond correctly to all forms of
input without crashing and in a reasonable amount 
of time. They also test that it runs correctly in 
all the different platforms and configurations that
it is supposed to.

A lot of time, this means writing a lot of tests
that can be run automatically. These tests feed
input to the software and measure its responses. It
also logs any errors or unexpected behavior. Any 
errors will be tracked and sent to the development
team for fixing.

Some of these tests will measure performance under
severe load, others will feed the software 
gibberish impossible input to ensure it can handle
these errors appropriately. If the program crashes
or becomes unresponsive than it is logged as well
as the conditions in place leading up to the 
malfunction.

Other tests include unit tests, which will target
specific functions and put them through as many 
possible use cases to ensure the function will
behave as expected and throw the correct errors
when it doesn't. In systems with limited 
functionality this can be done without too much
trouble, but on a large complicated system with
more open-ended use cases, testing all the 
functionality can prove to be impossible. In
these cases you only test the most important 
functionality.

Although these tests can catch a lot of bugs, they
can't really test for more intangible requirements 
like usability, or aesthetic quality. In these 
cases its good to have some humans test the
software out, and note any difficulties they 
encountered, or confusion about how the software
functions. These tests can range from hallway 
usablity tests, to more formal A/B test groups and
focus groups.

Security tests are also run. Although some of them
can be automated, it can also be useful to have a 
knowledgable person try to expose weaknesses in
the security features using methods that can not
be reliably automated.

There is a ton of different features and
functions that need to be tested and the 
methods to test them is much too broad for this 
essay, but these are only a few of the problems
and solutions that QA departments must face.
